hey guys today I thought I'd do a quick
video on smudge and fudgie's cage I
can't actually remember what the cages
are willing where I put it in an
annotation up top I think I'm not sure
it was about 85-pound from pet saw him
anyway there's fudge
I don't fudge smudges back there and
yeah I guess I'll get on with it so at
the bottom I have a little pink house
thing it's got a whole other side you
see smudge is coming out of it well
demonstrated I'm not sure if they really
use that much I haven't seen them in
here they mainly sleep up in their
hammock but you know I've also got a
yellow bendy tube in there which I can
bend around to suit the cage thing motor
cage layout fudge once cause I love
fudge I've got a wooden log back there
to hide under and I've got a witness
stand here which sort of gift that gives
them like an extra level and I've got a
water bowl and food bowl up there a
water bottle sorry a food bowl there's
also some apples there on a chain now it
really seems to take much interest in it
yeah
smudges was sniffed it just by then but
nothing major
okay let's say let's gone for the
hammocks I've got like a flat hammock
here which I spread directly in the
middle of the cage and then I've got a
hammock that takes up the whole length
of the cage with some like cups that
hang underneath it they like running
along them are playing in them
now I've just got a zebra print hammock
at the top which I think that really
panned they mainly use them cut hammocks
but they sometimes as you can see climb
on it like that
I use back-to-nature bedding in this
cage but as you can see over there I
usually use towels I need to change
themselves today but yeah I usually use
themselves my dictation tools on that
later on as you see this is the playpen
that I recorded the video in I'll show
you I'm taking some of the stuff out coz
it belongs to that cage but yeah okay um
let's get back to it I think yeah that
is basically the cage the cage doesn't
have overly too much in it I want to get
some ropes in it to add some more fun I
might do that
but eventually they'll be going into
that cage here that we live in there and
then three levels with your barracks so
this isn't a permanent cage this is a
cage just for a couple of months but you
know so yeah let's open it might be a
bit difficult with one hand oh it's a
very awkward cage to open right hang on
let me put you down
there we go
as you see fudge comes straight out
ouch thumbs hello fudge hello how are
you how are you
as you see she's got a white belly she's
a Burmese Burmese Berkshire it's like
the color of her Burmese but she's got
Berkshire markings on her she's also got
white little feet I've also got a black
box I well it's got silver back as well
God what are you doing are you doing
running around I made a guy out focus
now as you see smudge is a usual shy
self no shows so many others there I
like Li smudge for their food what do I
use their food let's take that figured
out all right or shot that they'd up a
second enough to beat you down again
sorry
shut up mind your head stick the trap
okay for left food let's press the home
right now that's in here but there's
also my local breeders mix which I'm
slowly mixing them in to so you've got
some of that in there eventually will
just be my breeders mix which has lots
of various stuff in it go dried up
banana in it you've got like these flaky
things I believe this might be turtle
food surprising like washed cuts in it
but perhaps seem to live well on it and
then I also just have a small tab alight
seeds and tree flakes I really don't get
much of these this was filled up
yesterday but they didn't seem today so
much interested in it there's some
sunflower seeds seeds there as well so
yeah that's their food or the food there
for now
and yeah that's basically their whole
gauge to be honest it's not too big well
it's big enough like it's big enough to
hold I'd say four females four fully
grown females
these guys aren't actually fully grown
yet they're still babies early you can
see the size of the cage repair to them
at the minute which is fine
see that's just an overview of my girls
cage thanks for watching and romances
hope subscribe and more cute rap videos
and cage towards and helpful tips and
everything yeah if they're saying you
want to see just leave a comment and
I'll get right to it
thank you